Hello~
All right. Today we are here for [Butterfly] jacket photo shoots!
The smile of the youngest one (Maknae)
Immersed into the concept as soon as the shooting starts!
HaSeul’s evaluation time!
She’s serious but kind of fatal
I am here!
And this time, Ha Seul is making fun of Choerry!
And next, YeoJin is mimicking HaSeul!
It’s not funny at all??
Huh! Unni! I –
Dolls’s attack that cut YeoJin’s talk
You guys remember this from LOONA Studio??
Pshhh~!
She is so offended right now ~
She is offended!
I entered this company before you!
I believe we had the same audition?
True but I came here a week before you?
The fight of the real siblings.
She is butthurt right now
Don’t even talk to me…
A few moments later, Ha Seul is making fun of Yeo Jin while she is trying to have a serious talk